goodnight moon by Margaret wise Brown
pitchers by Clement Hurd goodnight moon
by Margaret wise Brown pitchers by
Clement hurt in the Great Green Room
there was a telephone and a red balloon
and a picture of the cow jumping over
the moon and there were three little
bears sitting on chairs and two little
kittens and a pair of mittens and a
little toy house and a young mouse and a
comb and a brush and a bowl full of mush
in a quiet old lady who is whispering
hush
goodnight room
good night moon good night cow jumping
over the moon
good night light and the red balloon
good night bears good night chairs
good night kittens and good night
mittens
good night clocks and good night socks
good night little house and good night
Mouse
good night comb and good night brush
goodnight nobody goodnight mush and good
night to the old lady whispering hush
good night stars and good night air good
night noises everywhere